Hey there! Ready for the final product?
Ta-da!
It's the three Hebrews in the fiery furnace!
Eh, could use some work.
That sure is an exciting account.
But how did they end up in a scorching oven?
Come on, I'll show you.
It's a great story.
Hananaya, Mishael and Aziraya
were just boys when they were taken to Babylon.
Daniel was there, too.
People there were not Jehovah's friends.
They wanted the Hebrews to be just like them.
They gave them Babylonian names.
Shade Rack, Mishael and Abednego.
And food that Jehovah said they shouldn't eat.
But together with Daniel, they obeyed Jehovah.
Because they were his friends.
Then one day, the king of Babylon told everyone
to bow down and worship a statue.
And anyone who didn't would be thrown into a fiery furnace.
Would the three Hebrews give into the pressure of the king
and everyone else around them?
Of course not.
They knew that only Jehovah deserved their worship.
If they obeyed him before, they knew they could do it again.
They declared our God whom we serve
is able to rescue us, O King.
But even if he does not,
we will not serve your gods or worship the image of gold.
Jehovah's friends always obey him.
But how did Jehovah rescue them?
Wow, what a cliffhanger.
Why not read the whole story and find out for yourself?
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
How did Hananiah, Mishael and Azaraya,
show that they were Jehovah's friends?
When is it hard for you to obey Jehovah?
And what can you do to obey Jehovah like they did?